Updates to data processing script docs (#1262)
PublicMapping/districtbuilder: README.md

Note: when doing this, you will need to restart your server to see the new data, since it's cached on startup

#### Acquiring custom data to upload to DistrictBuilder
To create a custom region, you will need a GeoJSON for a state/region at the `county`, `blockgroup`, or `block` level of detail. The file should include the following properties for each geographic unit:

 * geoid (a unique identifier for each geographic unit, eg. census geoid/FIPS)
 * state
 * county_identifier
 * county_name
 * blockgroup_identifier
 * block_identifier
 * population
 * white
 * black
 * asian
 * hispanic
 * other
 
We recommend acquiring data from the US Census Bureau, which typically distributes geographic and demographic files separately. Files for a state/region at the desired level of geographic detail (eg. blockgroup, block) should be acquired and then joined on the unique identifier field (eg. the census geoid/FIPS) into a single GeoJSON.

> When the GeoJSON is ready, use `process-geojson` to process the data and `publish-geojson` to publish the region to S3. In `process-geojson` the `--demographic` field specifies the columns to upload as demographic data, and multiple groups of demographic data can be uploaded (e.g. CVAP, etc.). The `--levels` field specifies what level of geographic detail (eg. blockgroup, block) contained in the GeoJSON should be processed. 

Reviewer: Expanded on this a bit, but maybe the last section would work better w/ an example?

```suggestion
When the GeoJSON is ready, use `process-geojson` to process the data and `publish-geojson` to publish the region to S3. 

In `process-geojson` the `--demographic` field specifies the columns to upload as demographic data, and multiple groups of demographic data can be uploaded (e.g. CVAP, etc.).

The `--levels` field specifies properties in the GeoJSON containing identifiers for other levels of geographic details. For example `--levels block,blockgroup` should be used when the input GeoJSON is at the `block` level and you wish to generate a `blockgroup` layer in addition to the `block` layer by combining all Blocks w/ the same `blockgroup` ID. 
```
